Make more accurate the Windows support (#2183)
meilisearch/documentation: learn/getting_started/supported_os.md

## Windows

> Meilisearch binary works on Windows server 2022 and later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Meilisearch binary works on Windows Server 2022 and later.
```

> Meilisearch test suite indeed runs on Windows server 2022, so we also expect Meilisearch binary to work on Windows OS 10 and later. However, you have to know Windows servers and Windows OS can be sometimes different on some points, so we cannot guarantee 100% of compatibilty for Windows OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is likely the Meilisearch binary also works with Windows OS 10 and later. However, due to the differences between Windows OS and Windows Server, Meilisearch does not officially support Windows OS.
```
